Instagram's newest feature broadcast
channels
in today's episode of build your tribe
I'll be explaining to you what they are
how to use them and most importantly how
you can use them to your benefit as an
entrepreneur or a Creator
broadcast channels have been in the
works for the last few months and they
were officially rolled out worldwide on
June 15th now I want to quickly note
that just because they were rolled out
and became available worldwide doesn't
mean that automatically every single
Instagram user gets access to this
feature so you can check and see if you
have access to it but if you don't have
it just yet just be patient and you
should hopefully have access to this new
feature soon once it rolls out to your
account and every single profile of
course with 2 billion users on Instagram
this is going to take some time but what
even are broadcast channels I think the
simplest way to think about it is it is
a one-to-many group chat so in
comparison to a normal group chat where
anyone can talk to anyone in a broadcast
channel you as the creator of the
channel are the only person who can send
messages everyone else on the chat can
only react to your messages they can't
actually respond with messages of their
own so broadcast channels are more of a
monologue than a dialogue it's like
you're on stage people can react with
their facial expressions they can clap
they can applaud but they can't
necessarily raise their hand interject
ask questions and things like that like
you normally would in a dialogue or a
conversation if you have access to this
feature creating a broadcast channel is
very very simple all you have to do is
open your Instagram Direct messages tap
on the new message button in the upper
right hand corner and then tap create
broadcast channel once you create your
broadcast channel all of your followers
will automatically receive an invitation
to join the channel and the invitation
will include the name that you title
your broadcast channel so it's important
to be thoughtful about what that name
says if you name it something kind of
generic like I chose to do with Brock
General updates that's the name of my
first broadcast channel then it's not
that exciting it's not that enticing but
I've seen other people name their
broadcast channels things that create
some curiosity and create a reason to
want to click even just titling your
group something like the Inner Circle or
the secret group can be a great way to
create some curiosity and make people
want to join once your followers do join
let's talk about what you can do as the
creator of the group first and foremost
because of course this is a drag message
group you can send messages you can send
text and audio messages just like you
normally would in the direct messages
and in those text messages you can
include clickable links you can also
very easily run clickable polls so
unlike the normal direct messages where
you don't have this option when you're
in a broadcast channel you can present a
poll for your audience to vote in again
remember they can't respond with their
own text but they can tap and vote in
your poll you can send other media
including photos and videos to your
group just like you would in a normal
direct message and you can also even
share posts within the broadcast channel
so not to get too far ahead of ourselves
with the marketing implications of a
broadcast channel but let's say you have
a relatively disengaged audience who
doesn't often interact with your feed
posts but when you create this broadcast
Channel you suddenly get hundreds or
thousands of your followers joining the
broadcast channel because the new
feature and it's an exciting new
capability you could take one of your
feed posts and share it into your
broadcast channel and encourage the
people who are in that channel to go
engage with the feed post I personally
did this in my broadcast channel last
week and it proved to be very effective
I know I've said it already but I want
to make sure that we're clear that your
followers can't actually respond so if
you're asking a question of your
followers in the broadcast channel
there's no way for them to directly
respond but they can react and the way
that they do that is they hold down or
double tap on any message that you've
sent and then they can choose an emoji
to react with Instagram will
automatically provide them with about
five or six common Emoji options or your
followers can press the plus button and
choose from any of the random assortment
of emojis that they have access to on
their phone's operating system once you
create a broadcast channel there will be
a little button that shows up on your
Instagram Pro profile so people can
click and join your broadcast channel
right there from your profile or you can
also share a sticker onto your Instagram
stories and that's a clickable button so
that when people are viewing your
stories they can click and automatically
view or what's called subscribe to the
broadcast channel now that we know what
they are let's talk about the benefits
of broadcast channels because unlike a
lot of the new features on Instagram
that oftentimes feel like they come out
of nowhere and leave us questioning who
even asked for this feature I do think
broadcast channels are an awesome way to
engage your audience and they do have a
lot of marketing uses already in just
the first few days I've seen a lot of
really powerful ways that entrepreneurs
and creators have been using broadcast
channels and I think that the
possibilities and the use cases are only
going to grow let's talk about some of
the benefits of broadcast channels
though first and foremost as I already
mentioned it automatically sends a
notification to all of your followers
encouraging them to join the broadcast
channel and in fact oftentimes when that
notification arrives it arrives as if
it's a special unique invitation I
remember the very first day that this
came came out when I was receiving
notifications that other creators who I
follow had created their own broadcast
channel I thought they were personally
inviting me to join the channel which
again like we talked about earlier
really increased the odds of the
likelihood that I would join that
channel and so the fact that it's being
sent out to all of your followers as a
push notification really increases the
likelihood that they're going to join
the channel especially if they're
someone who isn't a super engaged
follower maybe they don't see a lot of
your feed posts or they don't often
watch your Instagram Stories the
broadcast channel might be a great way
to re-engage them the second benefit of
broadcast channels is just increased
engagement like I already said you can
do things like sharing feed posts into
your broadcast channels to encourage
your followers to engage with those feed
posts but just the fact that now people
are in this group chat with you they're
able to kind of communicate with you in
a way they feel like they're a part of
this community it's great for your
engagement on Instagram also Instagram
Direct messages have on average this is
a mind-blowing stat a 98 open rate and
because broadcast channels exist in the
direct messages we can conclude the
broadcast channels also will have
approximately a 98 open rate my personal
favorite benefit of broadcast channels
is the ability to get feedback from your
audience I think oftentimes
entrepreneurs and creators we forget how
we have the ability to pull our audience
and ask them questions all the time
rather than relying on our own
creativity or our own judgment we can
ask our followers what they want what
they're looking for what they categorize
themselves as and even more so than an
Instagram story where I often hear
people say oh I can't get my followers
to engage when I put a poll on my
Instagram stories when you put a poll in
the broadcast channel people are so much
more likely to engage because it feels
like a personal message it feels like
you are directly asking them rather than
you're just making a story and hoping
people respond so one of my favorite use
cases and benefits of broadcast channels
is the ability to run polls and collect
collect feedback from your audience and
what's cool is your audience members
also are able to see real-time results
currently at the time of recording this
Instagram doesn't break the poll results
into percentages and I think that's
because you can have more than four
options which is another really cool
feature within broadcast channels is you
can run polls with more than just four
options but with that being said even
though you can't see the percentage you
can see the total number of votes that
each of the options within the poll
receives and so again it's just a great
way to collect some data and learn a
little bit more about your audience
their preferences and anything else you
might want to know about your followers
and then the final benefit from the
broadcast channel and this is something
that I've already begun to hear from my
followers is that it really makes them
feel like they're a part of the
community oftentimes on social media it
can feel a little bit lonely it can feel
like as the Creator you're just solo and
you don't really get to connect with
your audience that much and as a
follower you oftentimes feel
disconnected from the other members of
the community from the people you follow
and so a broadcast channel is a great
way to cultivate that sense of community
and allow people to kind of feel like
they're all in a group chat together now
let's talk about some ideas on how you
can use broadcast channels for your
marketing purposes to grow your business
to make more money or to increase
engagement first and foremost the
purpose of a broadcast channel is to
broadcast things to a large group of
people translation broadcast channels
are meant they're designed to send
alerts send reminders or send
notifications so some of my favorite
ways to do this are sending reminders
about upcoming lives on Instagram
sending the link or even directly
sharing a feed post within the group as
kind of an alert hey guys I just made
this new feed post about X Y and Z topic
or just giving any other kind of
important information update or news
broadcast to your followers and of
course this brings us to number two
which might have been what you're
thinking already which is you can use
broadcast channels to announce and
promote new offers special discount
codes flash sales a new product launch
you can even use the these broadcast
channels to kind of use your audience as
a focus group to collect information on
them and learn about their preferences
take them along the creation Journey for
this new product this new course
whatever it is that you're going to be
selling and then announce it to the
broadcast group to the broadcast channel
when you actually do launch the product
it's a great way to again keep people
engaged build that sense of community
and most importantly broadcast the
information that you need to be heard my
third idea on how you can use broadcast
channel is something I've already talked
a little bit about which is audience
insights it's our job as entrepreneurs
and creators not to have all the answers
but rather to ask all the right
questions or even just to ask all of the
questions and so I want to encourage you
to use your broadcast channels not just
as a self-serving tool to promote your
latest offer or service but instead to
use your broadcast channel to collect
more information on your audience learn
more about their preferences their
behaviors their attitudes their opinions
and in turn use that information to
create better content better products
and serve your audience more effectively
my biggest overall tip that I would give
you if you are starting a broadcast
channel is limit the number of messages
that you're sending per day because not
everyone is going to be checking their
messages every single day within the
channel and because it's only a one-way
communication right there's no way for
them to actually respond if you are
sending dozens of messages every single
day it's going to feel overwhelming
imagine you were having a text
conversation with someone and you
couldn't respond to them ever and they
were sending you like 20 texts a day
it's going to be a lot to keep up with
so instead I would recommend keeping it
to only a few maybe even only one
message in your broadcast channel per
day or else people might start to feel
like they're missing out they're falling
behind and that will likely lead to them
leaving the group so don't overdo it
don't spam your audience when you do
start a broadcast channel but I'd love
to hear from you how do you plan on
using this new feature are there any
ideas that I mentioned in this video
that you hadn't thought of or any ideas
that you had thought of that I didn't
mention in this video I would love to
hear from you down in the comments and
if you enjoyed this video don't forget
to press Thumbs Up And subscribe for
more content just like this and as
always happy networking
[Music]
thank you